good morning and today a new no video on
how to serenade your day last video I
showed you how to get comfortable so
basically you learn a position she
comfortable looking get down on your
knees and look at her seductive me
because now you have to clear your
throat so you can see it's good now now
you've seen this song you i love you for
that you love everybody and your body
talks me every day and if you come into
my house i will give you a popsicle
thing in life and I love heart alive
yeah yeah now I gotta get a chorus me me
me me me me hmm okay my heart beats so
that jumps when you love me because I'm
dumb fuck guess what I'm done singing in
guys serenade you been she's very happy
look at her face it's so beautiful good
night
you
are you ready to go for off-screen